fix(native): add missing description for proxy option (#6053)
getsentry/sentry-docs: src/platforms/common/configuration/options.mdx

</ConfigKey>

> <ConfigKey name="proxy" supported={["native"]}>
> Configures an HTTP proxy for outgoing requests to the backend (i.e. HTTPS requests tunneled through that proxy). The Native SDK doesn't pick up the `http_proxy` environment variable. You can find more details on the [transport page](/platforms/native/configuration/transports/#using-an-http-proxy).
> </ConfigKey>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<ConfigKey name="proxy" supported={["native"]}>
Configures an HTTP proxy for outgoing requests to the backend (HTTPS requests tunneled through that proxy, for example). The Native SDK doesn't pick up the `http_proxy` environment variable. You can find more details on the [transport page](/platforms/native/configuration/transports/#using-an-http-proxy).
</ConfigKey>
```

Author: In this case, this is meant as "i.e.," and not "e.g.,": "HTTPS requests tunneled through that proxy" this is not one example of many, but a more detailed description of what "outgoing requests to the backend are" and how they transferred.

I understand you want to eliminate "i.e." and friends, but I would leave ", for example" also out in this case.

Reviewer: Fair point! We try to steer clear of Latin abbreviations in the docs. I will update.
